Why are you here?
Why are you here? I came to see you for dinner.
See you later. I made it very clear to you.
I'm done with you. There's no future.
Now that you've sorted it out, it's gone.
Or I would go back to the room because of the marriage experience.
I also told you. I want to end our wedding month with you.
It's impossible for me to have a holiday with you,
I don’t understand. The difference.
Since our encounter is not over yet, it should be because we are interested in getting married.
Do you want me to remind you how the wedding month came about?
It's better to accept me.
I told you.
I told you. What happened between me and you,
You have nothing to do with Gujia
what are you doing
It's so lonely
Is there any problem if I pick myself up and go home for my wedding?
I have sent money
I didn't expect you to be such an irresponsible person
What about yourself?
I'm not afraid of being able to protect and give my heart
Excuse me